Assign array directly if type is unknown (#31)
liip/serializer: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

# 2.2.0 (unreleased)

* Add new parameter `$options` to the `GenerateConfiguration` class

> * Support (de)serializing unknown arrays by setting the `allow_generic_arrays`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Support (de)serializing arrays with undefined content by setting the `allow_generic_arrays`
```

Author: Adjusted via 02366203b17264dfb3c3468e90fea3fb87feb1a7

> * Support (de)serializing unknown arrays by setting the `assign_unknown_arrays`

Author: Yeah that makes indeed more sense now. Adjusted this via 331604d2dbe346739ec57f5babf6d7e76b07963e
